# Web Mastering & Advanced Web Programming Projects

This repository includes some of the main projects from "Web Mastering" and "Advanced Web Programming" -- two courses I completed in 9th grade of high school.

Advanced Web Programming: The course involved using PHP (a server-side object-oriented language designed to construct dynamic webpages) to design, build, and test increasingly complex programs. Software development focused on server-side web processing, creation of a function "library" to maintain structured and useable code, and the use of server-side databases for "content management." Topics include the software design process, algorithms, control structures, data structures, user interface design, debugging techniques, security, database use, and software testing. More specifically, the covered topics were functions, strings, arrays, HTML forms processing (GET and POST), cookies, sessions, security, MySQL, and AJAX.

Web Mastering: The course started with an overview of how static pages are edited, previewed, and published to a web server for viewing by the general public. Unit 1 taught how HyperText Markup Language (HTML) is used to encode pages that can be decoded and displayed by a web browser. Unit 2 taught how Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) gives web authors control over the appearance and placement of content onto a page viewable by a web browser. Unit 3 taught the basics of using JavaScript to effect functional, interactive web pages that use common structured programming concepts to accomplish the author’s desired capabilities.
